# Covid-Vaccination-Runtime-Allotment-Process-.
As we have passed through a very rough phase of our life. Also came across to face many of the problems during this pandemic. We all have waited a lot for the vaccination to be developed. As we all know that with new things, we always welcome new problems. So, as we did this time too, it was a big issue vaccinating everyone with proper scheduling and assigning them the location of vaccination and maintaining proper records of them. To overcome this problem, we build a program system which is responsible to maintain proper functioning of the procedure is this program. We have generated a program which takes the input from the user and collect all other information and verify them. Later according they are given a time slot and provide them the location of vaccination as per their preferred choice. This also help to maintain the count of vaccinated and non-vaccinated. Also, there is a section of the program which will be responsible to sand aalertmessage on the date of registration, this is all done as the information is stored on the server of every individual. The whole scheduling of the vaccination is cross updated and verified from the hospital.   
As we have been passed the pandemic few months back. The government of various nations are providing the facility for the vaccination to everyone, dividing the population into different age groups. This also keeps counting the number of vaccinated through the registration and verification. Every individual is provided with the self-choice options so that he can find suitable location for his vaccination. 
Vaccination is done on the following basis:   1. Registration of a new User :The user is prompted to enter his personal details. Here we check if the user is eligible for the vaccination depending upon his age. If he is eligible, the user is passed onto the enqueue function.   2. Assign priority to the user upon registration and enqueue him: The user is enqueued according to his vaccination priority. get_priority() is a helper function which calculates the priority of the user depending upon his age.   Eg.A person with the highest age amongst the current registered users will have the highest priority and will be appended to the front.   3. Run time slot allotment process: Admin is prompted to enter his password and upon authentication has access to various functionalities of the Admin Class.  He can set an available_slots variable depending on the vaccines that the vaccination center is going to receive and also change the age eligibility for the vaccination depending on the government guidelines. The most important functionality of the Admin class is run_process(). 
4. Login functionality for the User and Administrator: This function enables the user to login and check his allotted time slot. He is expected to log in on the day of his vaccination and confirm his vaccination.  Upon being vaccinated he is dequeued.  
If a user fails to do so, he is demoted to the end of the queue and his priority decremented. This process is implemented with the help of dequeue() and remove() functions respectively.   5. Get self data (for user): In this the data of the user is collected like the personal id number, age of the person, place of vaccination.  6. Get data of any citizen (for admin): Admin is prompted to enter his password and upon authentication has access to various functionalities of the Admin Class.  
